leg squat exercises
buttocks and abductors
we start with legs spread as
the width of our shoulders and we're going to
go up and down as if we were sitting in
a chair behind we control the
movement and we look at that the knees
do not bend forward we go down and
when going up we press hard the gluteus
down and I squeeze hard down and I squeeze
strong down and hard grip we went down in
two and we go up two down two up
two two down two up down to
up 4
two
and one we change we go down in three and up
went down in three
and up 123 and I press up 123 and
top 44
two
and one we change three cuts down 1 2 3
and top down 1 2 3 and I press up 1
2 3 and up Jul 23
and up 44 we squeeze because the glute 3
squeezes
two
and one
we change from below cortitos 8 7 6 5 4 3
2 and above 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 and above 8 7 6
5 4 3 2 and 1 change we open the
legs with the tips facing outwards for
work the abductors and we work
slow twits well squeezing the gluteus
slow
slow here controlling the movement
come on 4
3 leisurely squeezing
two
and one we change we're going to raise the
heel of a foot of the 12
3 I'm down 45
7 squeezing the gluteus and 8 we change
squeezing the glute without climbing up
we hold down I come 4 + 4 3
two
we change the two together up
squeezing let's go 8 7 squeeze
two
and one fits me down by squeezing
strong strong strong gluteus come a
little bit more
let's go and still 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 and 1
cortitos 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 and 1 still
squeezing strong strong come 4 3 2 and 1
we hold and slow cuts down
squeezing I come squeezing hard
come on press 4 + 4
two
and 1 close and normal squats
back we go 8
7 press hard 6
two
and one we open
if it tightens 54
two
and 1 close, come on 87
6 is tightened when the gluteus 5
two
and one we open the last ones by pressing
strong controlling movement come
let's go 4 + 4
two
and one
if you want you can continue the
training with another of my routines
leave your comment thumbs up
I am I wrote 2 to the channel share the
I'm waiting for you with your friends
facebook on twitter and on the web secrets
of girls point is see you soon in
the next video